Head of Business Development

Responsibilities

Produce and execute sales and distribution strategy to meet business objectives, with the related execution plan and organization structure.
Drive new relationships, as well as maximize the reach of new third-party partnerships within our portfolio of clients.
Champion feedback and opportunities from clients to both stakeholders and product development teams.
Represent the business at industry events and conferences as required.
Collaborate with internal teams to pioneer our growth into new markets.
Be the point person on getting new clients and/or markets live from any new business for the group.
Ensure effective and commercial rates are obtained that fit in line with the company strategy and targets.
Meet aggressive expansion goals in regard to delivery of clients within timeframes set and budgeted by the business.
Ensure effective up-sale of our third parties to our current client roster and be the point person to ensure delivery utilizing other teams' assistance.
Working with the company contracts procedure to raise and ensure delivery of new client contracts and/or addendums.
Build and provide monthly updates to the C-Level on our new business pipeline for both clients and third-party partners. Clearly defining expected go-live dates and requirements from the business to deliver to the forecasted timelines.

Required Experience

Experience in iGaming or related industries (Gaming, Fin-Tech, Software development).
Experience in executing strategy.
Effective communication and proven relationship-building skills.

Bonus

Excellent negotiation skills.
Intermediate customer presentation skills.
Remain calm under pressure, objective-oriented.
Strong work ethic, open, and reliable.

The Benefits of Working

Competitive salary in addition to a company bonus scheme.
Long-term career prospects with opportunities for training and development.
A fun working atmosphere amongst an enthusiastic and dynamic team.
A stimulating work environment.
Flexible remote working - for the right candidates.

Job Type: Full-time

Salary: £65,000.00-£800,000.00 per year

Ability to commute/relocate: Reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)

Work Location: In person