Fashion Assistant

9 Month FTC

Office/Studio Based

Hiring range: £25,000 - £27,000 pro rata

For more information please email [Email Address]


Your work matters to millions.

Do you have a passion for fashion? Does the idea of working with some of the nation's most loved fashion experts fill you with excitement? Would you love to help style millions of people every week? Then this is the job for you. We're giving you the chance to work on one of the country's most loved TV programmes - a fashion assistant role for a well-known TV show.

The Fashion Assistant has the important role of keeping the busy fashion department running at ground level and providing support to the Fashion Stylist with admin and logistical tasks. They are also responsible for styling up all pre-recorded content with the support of the Fashion Stylist.

A flexible approach to work is important as you may be required to work weekends and bank holidays on occasion.

This is a busy and high-pressure role working within a live studio environment; the ability to multitask is essential. Hours can be long, and you may occasionally be required to travel for shoots.


Skills you'll need (minimum criteria):

With the support of the Fashion Stylist, the assistant is responsible for styling up all pre-recorded content for bi-weekly fashion VTs, often on location.

The fashion assistant will often work closely with the stylist with creating all live fashion content.

Overseeing sample returns to press offices and managing the quick turn around of the fashion cupboard, ensuring it is tidy and organized with all upcoming live fashion items signed off at all times.

Assist on working live shows, including fittings with the models, ensuring all clothing is steamed and presentable for live air and managing the models' quick changes backstage.

Calling in all clothing for the fashion items, ensuring they arrive on time and dealing with any logistical issues that may occur.

Handling expenses for the department credit cards and reporting costs to Fashion Stylist/ Production Manager.


Other things we're looking for (key criteria):

A university degree is not essential, but the right candidate must be able to demonstrate extensive experience in a similar role.

A high level of organizational and time management skills.

Experience of working with large budgets.

A can-do attitude, even under pressure.

Self-sufficiency is essential – the fashion assistant is often working alone and must be able to use their own initiative when it comes to prioritizing their workload.

Demonstrating tact and diplomacy in all professional relationships.

A respect and understanding of the etiquette of a busy studio environment.

Confidence to be the sole stylist on all pre-recorded shoots and make the correct styling decisions for the show.

Up-to-date knowledge of the current trends across the high street.

Understanding of the show's viewers and ability to pitch content that would resonate well with them.


This company is for everyone.

This company strongly encourages applications for this role from disabled people. As a Disability Confident Leader, if you meet the minimum criteria for a role and you have declared that you are disabled, we'll guarantee to take you to the next stage* (minimum criteria above).

We're happy to discuss any support/personalization you may need during our application and selection process as part of our reasonable adjustments. Drop us a line if you require anything at [Email Address]


There may be a few exceptions where we are not able to take all eligible candidates to the next stage due to the volume of applications.

Because those who make an impact deserve to be rewarded for it.


This company offers some great rewards and benefits including:

Flexible working with a range of options

Generous holiday allowance, plus you can buy more

Annual bonus opportunity

Competitive pension contribution

Save as you earn - with an opportunity to buy This company shares

Wellbeing and volunteering days